[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So let's try to
make this a little more concrete,
let's come back to our example here.
And let's think about how would
we make this OBJ object iterable.
Well I do need a symbol iterator here,
right.
But pretty much almost all
of this stuff goes away.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's a good start.
[LAUGH] Right.
Now we want our symbol iterator
to produce an iterator.
What data type did we just find out
automatically produces iterators?
Generator.
So
let's do a concise computed
generator method, okay.
Now, this thing needs to
simply spit out values.
Here's what it's gonna do for
var (i = this.start; i less than or
equal to this.end,
>> Kyle Simpson: i++)
Yield this stock values of [i].
>> Kyle Simpson: Gone.
>> Kyle Simpson: Think about
what that's doing now.
It's producing an iterator that is
going to start at this .start location.
Loop over its values array.
And just yield out whatever it
finds in that values array.
>> Kyle Simpson: I'm pretty sure if I was
hard pressed I would have to tell you
generator is either my favorite or
my second favorite feature.
It's a tie between generators and
destructuring terms of my favorite,
most powerful features.
They have high learning curves,
they have huge payoffs.
>> Kyle Simpson: More questions about
a question, why is it called a generator?
I don't know, that's actually
not an invention of JavaScripts.
We took inspiration from C#, and Python,
and other languages which
are called the generators.
My on in my actual
unofficial answer to that question
is because they generate value.
[INAUDIBLE] But I don't know if that's
the real reason they're called generators.